https://codepen.io/karlaxnieves/pen/yLVayZv

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is what gives meaning to a web page.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for creating websites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is an opening tag that controls the elements behavior and it is used in an HTML start tage

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 indicated the most important part of the site. H1 can only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href
    class

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a unique way of indetifying an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    <section>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an attricute that specifies one or more claanames for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as your would like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target ="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to add a more descriptive text to an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div is pull all of the information into a box and section is to define sections in a document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to give style to your HTML.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    Id - is used for navigation. SO you can add an id to a section of a contacts, home, ect and then 
    Class - allows access to a specific element and can be used more than once. Ex/ <h3 class="farm"></h3>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by putting a . infront of the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    You call it by the parent name first and the chil so .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child seletor is useful when there is a specific element you would like to target. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div links

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    css width

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    css legnth

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px;
        border-style: dotted;
        color: black;

    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Ctrl A 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     git rm 
     You need to be careful because it can delete all the files you had saved on your computer.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it is most likely what will be used once I get a job. Also, it is a better way to manage all the files.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 min

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    - You will first need to fork to github document 
    - Then you will click the green button on the right hand side that says code and copy the link
    - You then want to open up your terminal
    - Type cd and the name of the file where you will be storing your information. ie. documents
    - Once you have cd Documents you may type git clone and paste the link that was copied in github
    - Now you cd into the name of this file. Ex/ cd Git-for-Web-Development-Project/ or you may also do cd Git and then tap to auto complete
    - What you want to do next is git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to created your own branch name for the repo
    - You will see a new branch has been created under your firstname-lastname and now you can move on to open this file in vs code by typing code . in your terminal
    - once you are ready to save this copy onto your Github you can type add .
    -then you need to type git commit -m "text goes here"
    -then if it is your first time doing a pull request you need to type git push -u origin and the firstname-lastname that was use for git checkout -b
    -you can now go back to your github and submit the pull request 
    -You can go ahead and pull request 
    -One the base repository you want to click the down arrow and find you name, click it and the make sure that the base is kept as master. Once you are done doing that you may send it and copy the link provided onto Lambda projects.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements never create a new line. Block elements always create a new line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 